all right it's thursday do I 23rd 2006
exxonmobil the world's largest company
has just announced yesterday a
record-breaking profits for the quarter
quarter being three months and no in
that record being 10 points 6 1 billion
dollars I believe it was now that's
profits not revenue so in honor of X an
honor of ExxonMobil and honor to the
left always to the left of course except
we are going to make it right this time
and the old coin
and now we go to the cafe near my office
for breakfast so boom we crossed over 30
Pharaoh's tomb head up towards the lake
street
this is the block I believe where the
the rumored deer cross Lake Street and
apparently killed itself here we are at
leics street traffic traffic
traffic
on Lake Street if you saw the lake
street excursions production that and
heard of the Beast put on you'll
remember that makes streets fun you know
it all these trucks
and I could learn that was a turn signal
to go the other way but hmm there's a
flammable drop that students in the
missions in like this tasty
here's a bumper
I will take a right I'd over the midterm
if dan mcgrath ever sees this he'll
appreciate the bump-out and here's a
kind of that belt that she's on
alright this is a fifth avenue we're
heading down we're going to make a left
here how he's signaling to the motorists
and we're I minute own Greenway trails
and there's another cyclist
passing under fourth hey art is in the
eye of the beholder another cyclist this
is 35w here Wow freeway
isn't that beautiful underneath it
these things are so what is it sexiest
if they gotta go anyway
regency callbacks Stevens Avenue pick up
the pace a bit here
comes nicollet avenue one of the
queerest ramp designs in my opinion here
on the greenway see this entrails get
super narrow all right big hiding place
and it usually does big retaining
somebody's I your puppies
here we go
up the ramp like it's part of the Alps
maybe and where's nicollet avenue go
here's nicollet avenue know what's like
a lot of cognitive land use put a litter
pollution neglect light kind of like
abandoned gas stations and Harrison that
even here in a boat lately nicorette
beautiful
gotta watch for doors here
you want a point of view shot hi
and
that Bay today it's just good see if
this one does comes the door nice
no door okay we're coming up on 26
street here I'm going to pull into the
bad waitress here get some coffee and a
breakfast I recommend it also recommend
the Black Forest here they got a very
handsome patio even at veggie burgers
for us vegetarians i'm ida doona sausage
house that's saying a lot so go ahead
and a patronized vegetarians and as
usual we will wait for the traffic
signals here because
that's what that's what good cyclist
food bills good motorists by the way
three feet is a la to pass a cyclist
okay here's three might
and we're going to put it up to this new
angle the bicycle parking infrastructure
that you see here this is a lot less
space and a lot more function
people like meat and a surface parking
lots even though that's a it's a better
one there cuz it's mixed-use it's not
each of these businesses having their
own stupid surface parking lot anyway
that's enough for today we're gonna go
in there and eat those windows open up
on nice days so come here to enjoy it
word sex poof by Saint Denis see